## Privacy Policy

Harshad Jadav built the Password Tracker & Manager app as a free app. This SERVICE is provided by Harshad Jadav at free cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Password Tracker & Manager unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Subscription and Ads Policy**

The Password Tracker & Manager app offers an optional subscription plan to enhance your user experience by removing advertisements. To disable ads within the app, you can purchase a one-year subscription. This subscription is valid for one year from the date of purchase. Please note that ads will continue to be displayed unless a subscription is purchased.

**Data**

All information are stored locally in your device offile without use of internet.
Removal of the application, your login information will be restored from your device to app when you will installed app again. 
We are asking you to set your PIN and Face ID access for secure your app. We are only use your Face ID access for unlock your app.
The developer of this application is not liable for any such things.

This application doesn't send the data to any service and all the data are stored locally only.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
